chore(infra): Introduce a `DEVELOPMENT.md` (#680)
apollographql/federation: DEVELOPMENT.md

3. Add a new section for `### vX.Y.Z` with a bullet indicating that something is coming soon:

   ```
   ### vX.Y.Z

   - Nothing yet! Stay tuned.
   ```

4. Commit this change so GitHub will allow a PR to be opened against `main` with a notable change.  A suggested commit message is `Prepare CHANGELOG.md for upcoming vX.Y.Z release.`
5. Push the branch to GitHub
6. On GitHub, open a PR from the new release branch which targets `main`.
   __For the title of the PR__, use "Release X.Y.Z" (See the "Note" above about how this might vary on this repository).  __For the body,__ use the contents of the template in the `.github/APOLLO_RELEASE_TEMPLATE.md` file in this repository.  Adjust the body as you see necessary.

## Publishing a release

### Step 1: Update the appropriate CHANGELOG.md files

There is not a root `CHANGELOG.md` on this monorepo.  Instead, there are two main `CHANGELOG.md` files:

- `./federation-js/CHANGELOG.md` for `@apollo/federation`

> - `./gateway-js/CHANGELOG.md` for `@apollo/gateway`.  __This is also the target CHANGELOG for changes to the `@apollo/query-planner` since that package is nottypically consumed/upgraded directly by our typical user.__

Reviewer: We do also have one now for `query-planner-js`

> There is not a root `CHANGELOG.md` on this monorepo.  Instead, there are two main `CHANGELOG.md` files:
> 
> - `./federation-js/CHANGELOG.md` for `@apollo/federation`
> - `./gateway-js/CHANGELOG.md` for `@apollo/gateway`.  __This is also the target CHANGELOG for changes to the `@apollo/query-planner` since that package is nottypically consumed/upgraded directly by our typical user.__

Author: ```suggestion
There is not a root `CHANGELOG.md` on this monorepo.  Instead, there are `CHANGELOG.md` files for specific packages:
 
- `./federation-js/CHANGELOG.md` for `@apollo/federation`
- `./query-planner-js/CHANGELOG.md` for `@apollo/query-planner`

  > Since this is not a direct dependency of our _primary_ consumers, it is best to *also* surface important changes in `@apollo/gateway`'s `CHANGELOG.md`.
- `./gateway-js/CHANGELOG.md` for `@apollo/gateway`.
```

_Optional:_ To determine which packages are "changed" on the current branch (compared to the last published versions on the same branch; Lerna follows the `git tag`s on the branch to determine this, run the following from the project root:

```
npx lerna changed
```

This will list the packages that will have their versions bumped in the next step.

### Step 2: Bump the version

To bump the version, use the `release:version-bump` npm script.

   __Option 1__: Bump all packages by the same version bump (e.g. `patch`, `minor`, `prerelease`, etc.).

   > __Note__: Be sure to replace `<version-bump>` in the following command with the appropriate [version bump keyword](https://github.com/lerna/lerna/tree/f6e7a13e60/commands/version#semver-bump)

   ```
   npm run release:version-bump -- <version-bump>
   ```

   __Option 2__: Be interactively prompted for each new version.

>    This option works reasonably well in this federation repositiory since there are not all that many packages.  If no parameters are passed, a prompt will be displayed for each package asking for the new version.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   This option works reasonably well in this federation repository since there are not all that many packages.  If no parameters are passed, a prompt will be displayed for each package asking for the new version.
```
